README.md, before:

# Home Server

# Deployment tools

Docker
Ansible (Galaxy)


```
# Install pre requisites
sudo apt update
sudo apt install software-properties-common
sudo add-apt-repository --yes --update ppa:ansible/ansible
sudo apt install ansible

```

# TODO

## Tools
Add the installation of net tools / other Ubuntu libs to ansible


## Services
 - Gitlab & Runner
 - CloudFlare Tunnel
 - Prowlarr
 - [WatchTower?](https://containrrr.dev/watchtower/introduction/)
 - Jellyfin
 - Statping / StatpingNg
 - Uptime Kuma
 - fail2ban
 - 


## Server Config
Disable port 53 for some servers via ansible:
https://codepre.com/ubuntu-how-to-release-port-53-used-by-systemd-resolved.html

Automount the storage NAS with fsck

Configure IPV6 support for PiHole in order to allow Windows clients to easily connect 
(Clients default to IPv6 DNS lookup if enabled)

Create a single place to define variables, and interpolate where needed.

# Stuff

Editing systemd to enable docker over TCP
https://github.com/moby/moby/issues/33931#issuecomment-453840775

Disabling Ubuntu DNS stub for PiHole:
https://github.com/pi-hole/docker-pi-hole/#installing-on-ubuntu

Great demo / walkthrough for PiHole with Traefik:
https://codecaptured.com/blog/self-hosting-pi-hole-with-docker-and-traefik/

LibraSpeed test:
https://github.com/librespeed/speedtest


Cool guys making images:
https://www.linuxserver.io/

Commit message:

chore: add potentially helpful article about internal DNS

README.md, after:

# Home Server

# Deployment tools

Docker
Ansible (Galaxy)


```
# Install pre requisites
sudo apt update
sudo apt install software-properties-common
sudo add-apt-repository --yes --update ppa:ansible/ansible
sudo apt install ansible

```

# TODO

## Tools
Add the installation of net tools / other Ubuntu libs to ansible


## Services
 - Gitlab & Runner
 - CloudFlare Tunnel
 - Prowlarr
 - [WatchTower?](https://containrrr.dev/watchtower/introduction/)
 - Jellyfin
 - Statping / StatpingNg
 - Uptime Kuma
 - fail2ban
 - 


## Server Config
Disable port 53 for some servers via ansible:
https://codepre.com/ubuntu-how-to-release-port-53-used-by-systemd-resolved.html

Automount the storage NAS with fsck

Configure IPV6 support for PiHole in order to allow Windows clients to easily connect 
(Clients default to IPv6 DNS lookup if enabled)

Create a single place to define variables, and interpolate where needed.

# Stuff

Editing systemd to enable docker over TCP
https://github.com/moby/moby/issues/33931#issuecomment-453840775

Disabling Ubuntu DNS stub for PiHole:
https://github.com/pi-hole/docker-pi-hole/#installing-on-ubuntu

Great demo / walkthrough for PiHole with Traefik:
https://codecaptured.com/blog/self-hosting-pi-hole-with-docker-and-traefik/

LibraSpeed test:
https://github.com/librespeed/speedtest

Potentially helpful for configuring internal domain access when moving to a publicly hosted domain:
https://medium.com/@containeroo/using-pi-hole-to-route-your-services-internally-2ff495093718


Cool guys making images:
https://www.linuxserver.io/
